---
event_name: Sample Event name
title: Sample Title
description: Sample Description
group: event
image: images/event_img/icra_2023/icra_2023_london.png
date_start: 2023-04-29
date_end: 2023-05-02
connection_link: https://www.icra2023.org/
---

{%
  include figure.html
  image="images/event_img/sample/headimg.png"
%}



{%
  include workshoptitle.html
  title="5th Ergonomic Human-Robot Collaboration: How Cognitive and Physical Aspects Come Together"
  headline="Sunday, October 23rd, 2022"
%}


***
## <i class="fas fa-play-circle"></i>**Teaser Video**

<!-- Extract the html code from Youtube "share","퍼가기" -->
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tOosDxeMCfo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

***

## <i class="fas fa-lightbulb"></i> **Interests**

Contents

***
## <i class="fas fa-calendar-alt"></i> **Schedule**

<table>
  <tr>
    <th scope="col">Time</th>
    <th scope="col">Description</th>
    <th scope="col">Participation</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td >09.00 – 09.15</td>
    <td>Introduction by the organizers</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>09.15 – 09.45</td>
    <td>Talk 1 by <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=Khg_OvoAAAAJ&hl=en">Prof. Ranhana K. Mehta</a></td>
    <td>Reference Example</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>09.45 – 10.15</td>
    <td>Talk 2 by Arash Ajoudani</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>10.15 – 10.30</td>
    <td>Coffee</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="4">10.15 – 10.30</td>
    <td>Expanding Example</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ex</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr> 
  <tr>
    <td>Ex</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr> 
  <tr>
    <td>Ex</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr> 
  <tr>
    <td>10.30 - 12.30</td>
    <td>Example~~</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>

  
</table>




**Important Dates**
{%
  include figure.html
  image="images/event_img/sample/importantdates.png"
  link="http://ro-man2023.org/main"
%}


***
## <i class="far fa-grin"></i> **Orgranizers**



<br>
{%
  include orginizer_description.html
  image="images/김완수교수님.png"
  org_name="Sample Name"
  affilation="Sample Affilation"
  email="wansookim@hanyang.ac.kr"
  text="Sample Text"
%}

<br>
{%
  include orginizer_description.html
  image="images/김완수교수님.png"
  org_name="Professor. W. Kim"
  affilation="Hanyang University, Republic of Korea"
  email="wansookim@hanyang.ac.kr"
  text="Wansoo Kim is an assistant professor at Hanyang University ERICA, Republic of Korea. He received the B.S. degree in mechanical engineering from Hanyang University, Korea in 2008 and a Ph.D. degree in mechanical engineering from Hanyang University, Korea in 2015 (Integrated MS/PhD program). He was with Human-Robot Interfaces and Physical Interaction Lab, Italian Institute of Technology in Genoa, Italy from 2016 to 2020. He has developed several exoskeleton systems such as HEXAR-Hanyang Exoskeleton Assistive Robot, and conducted research on the control of the powered exoskeleton robot through the physical human-robot interaction (pHRI) forces. He is currently involved in a project Horizon-2020 project SOPHIA. He has contributed to several projects in the field of exoskeleton robot in Korea projects (High responsive control technology of a lower-limb exoskeleton under rough terrain-1415144732, Development of Wearable Robot for Industrial Labor Support-1415135223, etc.), and joint R&D projects with a company (DSME and LIG Nex1). He was the winner of the Solution Award 2019 (Premio Innovazione Robotica at MECSPE2019), the winner of the KUKA Innovation Award 2018, the winner of the HYU best PhD paper award 2015, and the winner of the ICCAS best presentation award 2014. His research interests are in Physical human-robot interaction (pHRI), human-robot collaboration, Shared Control, Ergonomics, Human modelling, Feedback devices, and powered exoskeleton robot."
%}









***
## <i class="fas fa-microphone-alt"></i> **Invited Speakers**

{%
  include invited_speaker.html
  speakername="Prof. Ranjana K. Mehta"
  spekerlink="https://engineering.tamu.edu/industrial/profiles/mehta-ranjana.html"
  headline="Trust in Collaborative Robotics: A Neuroergonomics Perspective"

  text="Investigations into physiological or neurological correlates of trust have increased in popularity due to the need for a continuous measure of trust, including for trust-sensitive or adaptive systems, measurements of trustworthiness or pain points of technology, or for human-in-the-loop cyber intrusion detection. This presentation will highlight the limitations and generalizability of the dynamics associated with trust across different technology domains, such as collaborative robotics, automated vehicle technologies, and cyber aids, and introduce a neuroergonomics perspective to measure and support human cognition when interacting with collaborative robots. There is a lot left to unravel about what features in the brain signal trust levels and whether brain activity can capture changes in trust perceptions (i.e., during trust-building, breach, and/or repair). Optical brain imaging and graph-theoretical analyses of functional brain networks will shed light on the neural correlates of trust in shared space human-robot collaboration. These neural processes differ by gender or operator fatigue states, as such, their implications on modeling effective human-automation trust calibrations will be discussed. Finally, miscalibrated levels of trust do not always influence the operator’s behavior. As such, the neural correlates associated with an operator’s identification of a trust influencer and the decision to act upon the trust perception will be presented."
%}



{%
  include invited_speaker.html
  speakername="Dr. Jessie Y.C. Chen"
  spekerlink="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=gC88o24AAAAJ&hl=en"
  headline="Agent Transparency for Effective Human-Robot Collaboration"

  text="Among the many challenges identified by various expert groups, agent transparency has been raised repeatedly as a key area of research that is critical to achieve effective Human-Robot Collaboration (HRC) and assured autonomy. This talk reviews theoretical frameworks and recent findings on agent transparency (operator task performance, trust calibration, workload, and individual/cultural differences) in the contexts of HRC. Particularly, this talk highlights the Situation awareness-based Agent Transparency (SAT) framework and its applications in various domains related to HRC. Current challenges and future research directions are also discussed."
%}




***
## <i class="fas fa-edit"></i> **Acknowledegments**

The following **IEEE-RAS Technical Committees** have acknowledged the full support of the proposed workshop:   
- [IEEE-RAS TC on Human-Robot Interaction and Communication](https://www.ieee-ras.org/human-robot-interaction-coordination)
- [IEEE-RAS TC on Collaborative Automation for Flexible Manufacturing](https://www.ieee-ras.org/collaborative-automation-for-flexible-manufacturing)


***

## <i class="fas fa-money-bill-wave-alt"></i> **Sponsorship**


This workshop will be supported by the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation program under grant agreement No. 871237 (SOPHIA), and from the European Research Council program under grant agreement No. 850932 (Ergo-Lean).


{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/event_img/sample/sponsor.png"
%}
